Release Zebra 1.5.0 (#8027)
ZcashFoundation/zebra: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/release-checklist.md

- [ ] Update the "Build and Run Instructions" with any new dependencies.
      Check for changes in the `Dockerfile` since the last tag: `git diff <previous-release-tag> docker/Dockerfile`.
- [ ] If Zebra has started using newer Rust language features or standard library APIs, update the known working Rust version in the README, book, and `Cargo.toml`s

> \d

Reviewer: Is this change a typo?

- [ ] Update crate versions, commit the changes to the release branch, and do a release dry-run:

```sh
cargo release version --verbose --execute --allow-branch '*' --workspace --exclude zebrad --exclude zebra-scan beta

> cargo release version --verbose --execute --allow-branch '*' --package zebra-scan alpha # Increment version manually if this doesn't work

Reviewer: Note: The automated command should work, because the version has to be changed in every crate that depends on `zebra-scan` as well.

Author: It works for beta, and the deserialization for the `Alpha` variant looks okay. May be a bug in cargo-release. 

Replaced with a fastmod command in https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8027/commits/0f84d526b98916d9144273634c2884fb169aa379. 

Hopefully zebra-scan will be in beta within a couple releases or cargo-release fixes a bug affecting alpha version bumps.

- [ ] Update crate versions, commit the changes to the release branch, and do a release dry-run:

```sh
cargo release version --verbose --execute --allow-branch '*' --workspace --exclude zebrad --exclude zebra-scan beta

> fastmod -d zebra-scan -e toml -F '0.1.0-alpha.1' '0.1.0-alpha.2' # Update this command if zebra-scan is still in alpha and alpha version bumps won't work with cargo-release
> # cargo release version --verbose --execute --allow-branch '*' --package zebra-scan beta # [ major | minor | patch ]

Reviewer: That's strange, `alpha` is a documented level in `cargo release`:
https://github.com/crate-ci/cargo-release/blob/master/docs/reference.md#cli-arguments

It might be worth reporting this as a bug at https://github.com/crate-ci/cargo-release/issues/new

For now I'd suggest using an explicit version, which I've tested and it works:
```suggestion
# Due to a bug in cargo-release, we need to pass an exact version here
cargo release version --verbose --execute --allow-branch '*' --package zebra-scan 0.1.0-alpha.1
```

```
$ cargo release version --execute --allow-branch '*' --package zebra-scan 0.1.0-alpha.1
warning: uncommitted changes detected, please resolve before release:
  cache_dir/ (WT_NEW)
  zebra-network/proptest-regressions/peer_set/set/ (WT_NEW)
  zebrad.toml (WT_NEW)
Bump zebra-scan 0.1.0-alpha.1? [y/N] 
y
   Upgrading zebra-scan from 0.1.0-alpha.0 to 0.1.0-alpha.1
    Updating zebrad's dependency from 0.1.0-alpha.0 to 0.1.0-alpha.1
```
